Add info about extra parameters usage (#2520)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/clients_openai.md

Alternatively, it is possible to use just a `curl` command or `requests` python library.

> Allong with the prompt you can send parameters described here [for chat completions endpoint](../../docs/model_server_rest_api_chat.md#Request) and here [for completions endpoint](../../docs/model_server_rest_api_completions.md#Request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with the prompt, you can send parameters described here [for chat completions endpoint](../../docs/model_server_rest_api_chat.md#Request) and here [for completions endpoint](../../docs/model_server_rest_api_completions.md#Request).
```

> **NOTE**:

>  Parameters that are not supported in OpenAI API (for example top_k) but are supported in OVMS can be passed as a `extra_body` parameter when using openai python client. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenAI python client supports a limited list of parameters. Those native to OpenVINO Model Server, can be passed inside a generic container parameter `extra_body`. Below is an example how to encapsulated `top_k` value.
```
